hi
it's agatha welcome or welcome back to
my channel and for today's video it's
going to be another makeup tutorial
but in today's look it's going to be
this very fresh
dewy glossy lids editorial actually
i just got an inspo on instagram at the
shop
and i said why not do a tutorial for
this look
so yeah before we get started please
make sure to like this video and
subscribe to my channel
as well so if you're interested in
knowing how i did this look
then keep on watching
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
this is a final look you guys i love
it editorial
because i use this one this is the visco
x and clothes
lip gloss and it has a cooling effect
that concludes our video for today like
and subscribe to my channel if you want
to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down below
i'll see you in the next one bye